[EV-4372] Add EKS comments to install a loadbalancer (#1084)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/multicluster/set-up-multi-cluster-management/helm-install/create-a-management-cluster-helm.mdx

1. If you are installing on a cluster installed by EKS, GKE, AKS or Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE), set the `kubernetesProvider` as described in the [Installation reference](../../../reference/installation/api.mdx#operator.tigera.io/v1.Provider). For example:

  ```bash

>   echo 'installation: { kubernetesProvider: EKS }' > values.yaml

Reviewer: The update still needs to be made to the managed cluster pages as well

>   echo 'installation: {kubernetesProvider: EKS }' > values.yaml

Reviewer: This needs to be changed for the managed cluster page as well.

nit: we could probably correct the spacing while we're at it, e.g.
`installation: { kubernetesProvider: EKS }`

  watch kubectl get tigerastatus
  ```

#### Update the ManagementCluster address.

1. Export the service port number

  ```bash

>   export EXT_NODE_PORT=<your-load-balancer-external-node-port>

Reviewer: Probably best to avoid the term node port as it's not really what this port is, would suggest:

```suggestion
  export EXT_LB_PORT=<your-external-load-balancer-port>
```

  ```

  Export the public address or host of the management cluster, in this case the load-balancer's external IP (Ex. "example.com:1234" or "10.0.0.10:1234".)

  ```bash
  export MANAGEMENT_CLUSTER_ADDR=<your-load-balancer-external-addr>:$EXT_NODE_PORT
  ```

  Replace the `address` field in the ManagementCluster resource.
    
  ```bash
  kubectl patch managementcluster tigera-secure --type merge -p "{\"spec\":{\"address\":\"${MANAGEMENT_CLUSTER_ADDR}\"}}"
  ``` 

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="LoadBalancer" value="LoadBalancer">

To install a {{prodname}} [management](create-a-management-cluster-helm#value) cluster with Helm, using a LoadBalancer service:

> #### Set-up an EKS LoadBalancer.
> 
>   You must meet the requirements defined in [create a network load balancer for AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/network-load-balancing.html)

Reviewer: This section assumes that the user is on EKS.

Would suggest something more generic:
```suggestion
#### Meet cloud provider requirements.

You must ensure that you have met the requirements for your cloud provider to provision a load balancer in your environment.

For example, if you are using EKS, you must meet the requirements defined in [create a network load balancer for AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/network-load-balancing.html)
```

>   Make sure your management cluster has the following annotations:
> 
>   ```bash
>   managementCluster:
>     service:
>       annotations:
>       - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type
>         value: "external"
>         key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-nlb-target-type
>         value: "instance"
>         key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme
>         value: "internet-facing"
>   ```

Reviewer: I would suggest that this be moved into step 3 with wording like below to specify EKS

```suggestion
  If you are using EKS, make sure your management cluster has the following annotations:

  ```bash
  managementCluster:
    service:
      annotations:
      - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type
        value: "external"
        key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-nlb-target-type
        value: "instance"
        key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme
        value: "internet-facing"
  ```

To install a {{prodname}} [management](create-a-management-cluster-helm#value) cluster with Helm, using a LoadBalancer service:

> #### Meet cloud provider requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Meet cloud provider requirements
```

You must ensure that you have met the requirements for your cloud provider to provision a load balancer in your environment.

For example, if you are using EKS, you must meet the requirements defined in [create a network load balancer for AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/network-load-balancing.html)

> #### Install the management cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Install the management cluster
```

      certificate: $MANAGED_CLUSTER_CERTIFICATE" >> values.yaml
  ```

  If you are using EKS, make sure your management cluster has the following annotations:

>   ```bash

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ```yaml
```

  managementCluster:
    service:
      annotations:

>       - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type
>         value: "external"
>         key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-nlb-target-type
>         value: "instance"
>         key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme
>         value: "internet-facing"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-type
        value: "external"
      - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-nlb-target-type
        value: "instance"
      - key: service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-scheme
        value: "internet-facing"
```

1. Export the service port number

  ```bash

>   export EXT_NODE_PORT=<your-external-load-balancer-port>

Reviewer: The variable name still uses the node port terminology (if this was intentional, feel free to ignore)

Author: Changing to `EXT_LB_PORT`

    
  ```bash
  kubectl patch managementcluster tigera-secure --type merge -p "{\"spec\":{\"address\":\"${MANAGEMENT_CLUSTER_ADDR}\"}}"
  ```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> #### Create an admin user and verify management cluster connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Create an admin user and verify management cluster connection
```
